  -- variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuys.java:12) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function arthur
variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuys.java:12) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function galahad
variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuys.java:12) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function guard
variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuys.java:12) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function lancelot
variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuys.java:12) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function robin
variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuys.java:29) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getGuard
variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuys.java:32) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getArthur
variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuys.java:35) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getLancelot
variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuys.java:38) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getRobin
variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuys.java:41) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getGalahad
variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuysInterface.java:4) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getGuard
variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuysInterface.java:5) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getArthur
variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuysInterface.java:6) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getLancelot
variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuysInterface.java:7) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getRobin
variableHasClassType: (AllFiveGuysInterface.java:8) Class AvatarClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getGalahad
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClass.java:11) Class Angle rather than interface used as the type of variable/function arms
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClass.java:11) Class Angle rather than interface used as the type of variable/function legs
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClass.java:31) Class Angle rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getArms
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClass.java:34) Class Angle rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getLegs
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClassInterface.java:5) Class Angle rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getArms
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClassInterface.java:8) Class Angle rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getLegs
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClass.java:10) Class HeadPictures rather than interface used as the type of variable/function headTest
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClass.java:28) Class HeadPictures rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getHead
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClassInterface.java:4) Class HeadPictures rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getHead
variableHasClassType: (Angle.java:12) Class LineClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function testLine
variableHasClassType: (Angle.java:12) Class LineClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function testLine1
variableHasClassType: (Angle.java:12) Class LineClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function testLine2
variableHasClassType: (Angle.java:12) Class LineClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function testLine3
variableHasClassType: (Angle.java:20) Class LineClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getLeftLine
variableHasClassType: (Angle.java:23) Class LineClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getRightLine
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClass.java:12) Class LineClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function body
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClass.java:37) Class LineClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getBody
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClassInterface.java:6) Class LineClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getBody
variableHasClassType: (Angle.java:15) Class Point rather than interface used as the type of variable/function pointTheLinesMeet
variableHasClassType: (Angle.java:26) Class Point rather than interface used as the type of variable/function pointTheLinesMeet
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClass.java:13) Class Point rather than interface used as the type of variable/function bodyPoint
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClass.java:14) Class Point rather than interface used as the type of variable/function armsPoint
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClass.java:15) Class Point rather than interface used as the type of variable/function legsPoint
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClass.java:45) Class Point rather than interface used as the type of variable/function point
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClassInterface.java:9) Class Point rather than interface used as the type of variable/function point
variableHasClassType: (LineClass.java:10) Class Point rather than interface used as the type of variable/function location
variableHasClassType: (LineClass.java:12) Class Point rather than interface used as the type of variable/function initialLocation
variableHasClassType: (LineClass.java:18) Class Point rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getLocation
variableHasClassType: (LineClass.java:21) Class Point rather than interface used as the type of variable/function newLocation
variableHasClassType: (LineClassInterface.java:4) Class Point rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getLocation
variableHasClassType: (LineClassInterface.java:5) Class Point rather than interface used as the type of variable/function newLocation
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClass.java:16) Class SpeechText rather than interface used as the type of variable/function newText
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClass.java:40) Class SpeechText rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getStringShape
variableHasClassType: (AvatarClassInterface.java:7) Class SpeechText rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getStringShape
variableHasClassType: (VAngleShapeInterface.java:4) Class LineClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getLeftLine
variableHasClassType: (VAngleShapeInterface.java:5) Class LineClass rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getRightLine
variableHasClassType: (VAngleShapeInterface.java:6) Class Point rather than interface used as the type of variable/function pointTheLinesMeet
variableHasClassType: (MainClass.java:21) Class Bean rather than interface used as the type of variable/function bean

