  -- variableHasClassType: (Angle.java:12) Class RotatingLine rather than interface used as the type of variable/function LeftLine
variableHasClassType: (Angle.java:12) Class RotatingLine rather than interface used as the type of variable/function RightLine
variableHasClassType: (Angle.java:27) Class RotatingLine rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getLeftLine
variableHasClassType: (Angle.java:30) Class RotatingLine rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getRightLine
variableHasClassType: (RotatingLine.java:12) Class APolarPoint rather than interface used as the type of variable/function lowerRightCorner
variableHasClassType: (Avatar.java:13) Class AHeadImage rather than interface used as the type of variable/function head
variableHasClassType: (Avatar.java:14) Class Angle rather than interface used as the type of variable/function arms
variableHasClassType: (Avatar.java:14) Class Angle rather than interface used as the type of variable/function legs
variableHasClassType: (Avatar.java:15) Class RotatingLine rather than interface used as the type of variable/function neck
variableHasClassType: (Avatar.java:15) Class RotatingLine rather than interface used as the type of variable/function torso
variableHasClassType: (Avatar.java:16) Class AStringShape rather than interface used as the type of variable/function text
variableHasClassType: (Avatar.java:46) Class AHeadImage rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getHead
variableHasClassType: (Avatar.java:49) Class Angle rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getArms
variableHasClassType: (Avatar.java:52) Class RotatingLine rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getTorso
variableHasClassType: (Avatar.java:55) Class RotatingLine rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getNeck
variableHasClassType: (Avatar.java:58) Class Angle rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getLegs
variableHasClassType: (Avatar.java:61) Class AStringShape rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getText
variableHasClassType: (Assignment5.java:15) Class BridgeScene rather than interface used as the type of variable/function bridgescene
variableHasClassType: (BridgeScene.java:12) Class Avatar rather than interface used as the type of variable/function arthur
variableHasClassType: (BridgeScene.java:12) Class Avatar rather than interface used as the type of variable/function galahad
variableHasClassType: (BridgeScene.java:12) Class Avatar rather than interface used as the type of variable/function guard
variableHasClassType: (BridgeScene.java:12) Class Avatar rather than interface used as the type of variable/function lancelot
variableHasClassType: (BridgeScene.java:12) Class Avatar rather than interface used as the type of variable/function robin
variableHasClassType: (BridgeScene.java:22) Class Avatar rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getArthur
variableHasClassType: (BridgeScene.java:25) Class Avatar rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getLancelot
variableHasClassType: (BridgeScene.java:28) Class Avatar rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getRobin
variableHasClassType: (BridgeScene.java:31) Class Avatar rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getGalahad
variableHasClassType: (BridgeScene.java:34) Class Avatar rather than interface used as the type of variable/function getGuard

